When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

     When that work needs to be shared and collaborated with other users.
     When I want to have my code in the cloud.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    My local copy might have changed and I don't want Git to automatically
    update my local copy with remote thus overwriting my changes.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

    Forks: clone of repository in Github. Used only in Github. When I want to
    modify the work of the original author.
    Clones: clone of repository in remote or local. Used locally or in some
    other personal remote Git repository. When I want to work on the
    repository copy on my local machine.
    Branches: branch of a master in local or remote. When I want to create a
    substantially different version of a code base.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

    Possiblity to work off-line
    Compare diffs

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

    Would be very difficult just collaborating with 2 persons and
    almost impossible to collaborate with many on file changes.
    
When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

     When I am working on a different but important feature and don't want to
     break anything in master. I can take the time working on the branch and
     when ready create a pull request to merge my branch with master.

     Another scenario may be where the original author and collaborators
     are working on their master and I am not part of the team yet.
     So I would do my work on the branch and when ready pull their latest
     changes in my master, merge it into my branch, push it and then create
     a pull request for my branch to be merged with master.
